---
title: On Canon
publishDate: 2021-10-21
lastModifiedDate: 2021-10-21
isPublished: false
---

The posts on Canon are meant to record what I'm thinking about, and preserve it in case happens to be 
useful. This is great if I can actually translate the feelings in my head to the right words - but that 
almost never happens, and certainly not on the first try. Writing is a labor-intensive process. You need 
to draw out the phrases with the connotation you're looking for. The posts here are in my voice and my 
tone, which means it's easy to not get it right. To accidentally warp my meaning. Unfortunately, 
capturing voice is the more difficult part. The content is less important than the tone, because the tone 
is what I'm really trying to preserve. That's the *me* part!

Tone, voice, and thoughts are fleeting, so I need to write them down quickly. When I'm thinking of a 
topic, I usually only have a few days before I just forget what I want to say about it. Or worse, I just 
lose interest in writing it down. Sometimes I think of a great way to phrase something, and I only have a 
minute or two before I forget it. Often, I have a good thought, and by the time I'm halfway through the 
sentence I've lost it. 

I feel like I always have an issue getting into a flow state when writing, and this is one of the big
consequences. When I'm programming, I'm usually 'in the zone'. I can concentrate for a long time
without breaking focus, and keep track of all the moving parts and different ideas. I rarely get there
with writing. I finish a sentence or paragraph, then break focus when I can't immediately lead into the 
next one. I hope that with practice I'll get better.

Until then, writing exactly what I want to say on the first try is an elusive target. Instead, it takes 
time. Enough time, sometimes, that I forget exactly where I was going. I lose that tone and voice that I 
was talking about earlier. This is a big issue for Canon. Writing takes time, but I can't run out that 
clock or else I'll forget the way I'm trying to say something. I can't always stop to spend awhile
drawing everything out. Maybe, I write a couple paragraphs, but a week passes before I get back to it. 
This post took 2-3 weeks from start to finish. Usually, I publish (or at least commit) a post when it is
either incomplete or not totally correct, just to get something out there. Maybe it says what I want, but 
not in the best way. It could be better.

What to do? If the purpose of Canon is ...

I tried to mediate the issue with the *Revised* text at the top of updated posts, to show
that it's not the original text. ... The editing process may have mutated the original
feeling. Is that what I want?

The original will always be saved, but not necessarily published. That's the advantage of using version 
control for content management. Maybe one of these posts will be about how the blog technically works 
(it's really cool). I write posts as code (markdown w/ some metadata), and they are tracked with git and 
hosted on GitHub. I feel this is a good middle ground in between being customizable and portable. I don't 
need to write the HTML for every post - it's autogenerated. The code for the blog and the content for the 
blog are separate, which logically makes sense. For specific posts, I can choose to use custom HTML to do 
things that markdown can't. Obviously this makes it less portable, but most of the time I don't use those 
custom features, so it doesn't matter.

Anyway, the point is that every revision is permanently saved. I can go back and check old versions of 
posts at any time. Is that the solution? What if the current content on Canon reflects something like my 
current thoughts about the topic? I can change posts at will, because they reflect current thoughts. The 
revision history will take care of preserving the way I used to feel about something, but it just isn't 
super relevant information anymore, so it isn't displayed front and center. The issue with this is that 
it's difficult to be consistent. If I expect all content to reflect my current thoughts, then I need to 
periodically update posts when my views change. This is fine when I have four posts, but could get really 
annoying if I keep this thing going. It changes the sort of blog Canon can be. I need to think carefully 
before adding a post, because each post has a long-term maintenance cost.

That's not what I'm trying to encourage in myself with this blog.

To anyone else, I think the obvious answer is that I'm overthinking this. But, like, that's
just your opinion, man. It's important because I think that it's a big deal and I get to write
what goes on this site.