content/recipes/beef-mushroom-stroganoff.md, before:

---
title: Beef and Mushroom Stroganoff
publishDate: 2022-02-15
lastModifiedDate: 2022-02-15
isPublished: true
---

Recipe originally from [Budget Bytes](https://www.budgetbytes.com/one-pot-beef-mushroom-stroganoff/).
Sometimes I double the recipe, but I don't really have cookware that's big enough so more often I just 
make it twice across a few days.

### Staple Ingredients
- 2 cloves garlic
- 2 tbsp butter
- 1/8 tsp black pepper
- 1/2 tsp dijon mustard
- 1 tbsp worcestershire sauce

### Special Ingredients
- 1/2 lb ground beef
- 2 cups beef broth
- 8 oz mushrooms
- 8 oz wide egg noodles
- 1/3 cup sour cream
- (optional) 1 tbsp chopped parsley

### Instructions
- mince garlic, add to a large pot and sauté over medium heat until garlic is soft and fragrant
- add ground beef. brown
- add sliced mushrooms, black pepper. sauté 5 more min until soft
- add uncooked noodles, beef broth, worcestershire sauce, dijon mustard. stir
- add lid. bring to boil, then reduce heat to low. Simmer 7-10 min
- add sour cream, extra salt & pepper to taste. add parsley

Commit message:

stroganoff update & rice bake recipe

content/recipes/beef-mushroom-stroganoff.md, after:

---
title: Beef and Mushroom Stroganoff
publishDate: 2022-02-15
lastModifiedDate: 2022-02-15
isPublished: true
---

Recipe originally from [Budget Bytes](https://www.budgetbytes.com/one-pot-beef-mushroom-stroganoff/).
Sometimes I double the recipe, but I don't really have cookware that's big enough so more often I just 
make it twice across a few days. I'm not a huge worcestershire sauce fan, so I sometimes replace it with 
oyster sauce or soy sauce. It doesn't make it taste oyster-y -- it's to add more umami. As if this recipe 
needs it with the beef & mushrooms, lol. 

### Staple Ingredients
- 2 cloves garlic
- 2 tbsp butter
- 1/8 tsp black pepper
- 1/2 tsp dijon mustard
- 1 tbsp worcestershire sauce

### Special Ingredients
- 1/2 lb ground beef
- 2 cups beef broth
- 8 oz mushrooms
- 8 oz wide egg noodles
- 1/3 cup sour cream
- (optional) 1 tbsp chopped parsley

### Instructions
- mince garlic, add to a large pot and sauté over medium heat until garlic is soft and fragrant
- add ground beef. brown
- add sliced mushrooms, black pepper. sauté 5 more min until soft
- add uncooked noodles, beef broth, worcestershire sauce, dijon mustard. stir
- add lid. bring to boil, then reduce heat to low. Simmer 7-10 min
- add sour cream, extra salt & pepper to taste. add parsley
